{\rtf1\ansi\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f164\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\snext0\f9\fs22\fi0\li0\ri0\ql{\*\stloverrides\f9\fs22\widctlpar} Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0\f9\fs28\b\kerning28\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs28\b\kerning28\keepn\sb240\sa60} heading 1;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0\f9\fs24\b\i\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs24\b\i\keepn\sb240\sa60} heading 2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0\f9\fs22\b\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\b\keepn\sb240\sa60} heading 3;}}{\info{\creatim\yr2005\mo11\dy14\hr7\min34\sec5}{\author J3}}\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl\useltbaln\plain\f164\fs24\pard\sb100\sa100 Bruno wrote on Saturday, November 12, 2005 3:37 PM\line\line > Indeed the link with quantum suicide and comp suicide are in my\line > older paper "Informatique théorique et philosophie de l'esprit,\line > Toulouse 1988". Also explained in my 1991 paper "Mechanism\line > and personal identity".\line >\line\line So you say that that is your key paper to the quantum suicide ! So\line I will spend more time on that one. But I see that you claim a\line "Strong Mechanistic" viewpoint. I take it from that and your other\line comments that we therefore have to accept 'strong mechanism'\line through the series of papers. If it does not we probably need to\line know at this point.\line\line To me, that is not an unreasonable point of view as physics is a\line very mechanical or mathematical subject. But it does rather make\line the presupposition that physics and all its applications are to be\line grounded in old quasirationalist values. That does not allow much\line space for epiphenomenalism even, let alone dualism if we need\line to use 'isms'. I am not bothered about a humanism aspect, it is\line more the logical and philosophical aspect\line\line > 1-death and 1-loss-of-consciousness have no\line > meaning, I would say, although lack of coffee in the morning can\line > create some trouble which we could easily confuse with some\line > first person paradoxical apprehension of its own lack of\line > consciousness, like a zombies complaining nobody want to\line > believe they are zombies!\line >\line\line So you seem not to mind if people are zombies (in the sense of\line Chalmers). But\line\line > 3-death and 3-loss of consciousness are alike, except we can have\line > more hope in the latter.\line\line Interesting. So 'hope' will somehow ultimately arise as a parameter in\line the system or is it somehow disgarded as a relatively worthless\line semantic concept, which I am sure is logically possible in such a\line scheme. I begin to see "the baby being thrown out with the\line bathwater" in 'strict mechanism'.\line\line So we end up with 'no zombies' and 'no hope'. Or possibly still 'we\line don't know'. Modern computer science is full of 'parameters\line which we will eventually sort out' but have not done in 100 years.\line\line However the point here is that consciousness and related phenomena are\line not easily categorised in your system. There are so many ways that\line individual consciousness can be eliminated or partly eliminated from\line the system , by quantum suicide or otherwise.\line\line It seems a very great weakeness to me that a simple statement like\line\line > 1-death and 1-loss-of-consciousness have no meaning, I would say\line\line has to be made. There are so many intermediary conditions between life\line and death that exist or are manmade. I mentioned two of them. Jail\line imprisonment and hypnagogic myoclonus. Another could be simple\line dreaming. All these are different in your 3-system to what they would\line be in a 1-system. This make your 3-system (if I can call it that) more\line immediately manageable but much less descriptive. SO MAYBE\line YOUR 3-SYSTEM IS SOME MANY-ONE MAPPING FROM A\line "REAL" SYSTEM !!!? (Maybe that can be stated in category theory\line terms).\line\line One problem with 'strong mechanism' is that it only allows\line 20th Century computer level explication of the human mind at this\line time. That is like assuming that the sun goes around the earth.\line The fact that Occam's razor must be watched for in other\line interpretations, does not prove their lack of validity, rather\line the converse.\line\line > Could you tell me what is a myoclonus?\line\line From {\cf2\ul http://ruv.net/infopedia/my/Myclonic_jerk.html}\line "A myclonic twitch or hypnagogic myoclonus consists of one or more\line sudden full-body twitches, and often preceded by a sensation of\line falling. The twitches occur during very light sleep as the conscious\line brain relinquishes control of the body's motor functions. While not a\line cause for medical concern, these twitches can be startling. The cause\line of myclonic twitching is unknown: they appear to be associated with\line (a) anxiety and (b) faint stimulus."\line\line There is a lot more that can be written on the topic. Some claim a\line similar effect occurs with 'lucid dreaming' as well.\\pard\f9\fs22\}
